advanrtage does mvs offder obver traditional web development

asp .net is a paer t pof which lkarger framework

what kind of pattern is mvc cnsidererd to be?

which method in the controller returns a view in asp .net mvc?

in asp .nmet mvc what doess the controller primarily do?


which part of MVC is responsible for rendering user interface? 

what is the lifecycle sequence of mvc request??

which file in asp net defines the routing configuration


what is a main purpose of controller in mvc?

which class do all controller in asp net mvc inherit from??

how are actions in mvc net defined?


which attribute is used to restrict an action method to http post request?


what does the action result class represent in asp net mvc??

how do you pass a data from, controller to a view in asp .net mvc?



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Q- how do you pass a data from, controller to a view in asp .net mvc?

Q- A controller returns an incorrect view, What could be possible issue?

Q- How dio you indicatre razor syntax in a .cshtml file

Q- which file extension is used foor razor views in asp .net mvc?

Q- how is a razor layout page defined? 

Q- Razor syntax shown plain text instead of executing code why??

Q- What is the primary purpose of model in mvc?

Q- what is the primary purpose of html helpers in asp

Q- what is thge role of data annotations in asp net

Q- what doews the required attriubut inforce in a model

Q- how do you create a textbox usinf html helpers

Q- what dpes thje actiuon result class represemnt ion asp net mvc


Q- What is model binding in asp net mvc

Q- How do you validate a model in controller action?

Q- what is the purpose of routinbg in asp net mvc

Q- Which fikle is used to define routing configuruation in asp .net mvc

Q- What is model binding in asp net

Q- which attribute is used to restrict an action method to http post request?

Q- what is the pur\pose of model validation in ASP,net Mvc
Q- which namsespace required for data annotation in ASP.net
Q- what is a main purpose of controller in mvc?






